chore(android): Add docs for using the Android SDK within a shared environment (#11089)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/android/troubleshooting/shared-environments/index.mdx

---

> title: Shared Environments

Reviewer: `m`: title should be more descriptive, also not sure if troubleshooting is the ideal parent page - maybe usage or data management? wdty?

Author: :+1: I've moved it to the bottom of our configuration section. Title is now "Using Sentry within an SDK"

description: "Learn how to use the Sentry SDK within another SDK."
sidebar_order: 1
---

<Note>

> Using the sentry SDK within another SDK is discouraged. This can lead to unexpected behavior and potential data leakage. If you need to use Sentry within another SDK, please follow the best practices outlined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Sentry SDK within another SDK is [discouraged](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/). This can lead to unexpected behaviour and potential data leakage. If you need to use Sentry within another SDK, please follow the best practices outlined below.
```
